JIRA integration in phase 3

Action: Alex to verify OIS covers all attributes for a new external entry
Action: Martin will check if for GCS new entry can only be done by HR

Action: Grenville to check with Vincent / Sebastien if GCS AD naming conventions can be applied to group

Info: email address will be used to link employee to AD

Action: Alex to check how surname prefixes (e.g: "van" ) will be entered in SAP HR

Action: Sinan to check if two email boxes are needed when Group moves to O365

Action: Grenville to discuss with Sebastien about "Identity Approver" term. PErhaps language solution?

Info: EIT should have access to enter phone numbers in AD

Action: Change validFrom and validTo to "Start Date" and "End Date"

Info: Alex to confirmed that there is no maximum contract duration for externals currently

Info: Contractual end date will be used as default "End Date". If exit date is earlier then HR will update "End date". 

Action: Martin to add a new field "Contractual End Date" which will be for information only. 

Action: Purchase Order is not mandatory

Action: Add PES done - yes / no? Is it available in SAP HR, if not HR will administer in OIS.

Action: Martin to design solution to overwrite SAP upload where an external is a manager

Info: Old manager will not be involved in re-certification for movers. New manager can authorise access to old systems

Action: Martin to investigate if an additional step to add old manager to the recertification process
Action: Notification interval 60, 40, 20, 10

Action: No automatic disable if recertification not done on time

Info: service accounts are mapped to a "technical identity". recertification goes to the application owner

Info: Agreed that anyone can request any access (approvals will be in place)

Info: Agreed that "run policy check" will be optional to begin with

Info: Rejection of access requests - no notification to requestor

Future - application Onboarding process, SoD process






















OIS only for externals possible for GC?
